Awesome, so let's play our intro, our video.
And we're going to find this moment, actually two moments where we're going to use reverb and possibly
a little bit of changing pitch of some of our audio to create a cool effect.
It's made.
I know this doesn't look like much, I know it doesn't sound like much, but I'm going to show you how
I went from taking this studio space like this and made it look like this.
Yep, I got a lot of work to do.
And booms, and then it'll go into probably we'll put our first music track right here because it's
when we're actually starting the video.
But what I want to do here is kind of amp up these two snaps that and this and the coolest, best way
to do that.
So what we're going to do is kind of isolate these together.
So I'm going to cut in front of the snap from both of them.
And let's actually move this down, because what we're going to do is add some reverb.
So if I add reverb and the clip stops here, suddenly the reverb is going to drop out.
So I want to extend these as much as possible.
And what I'm going to do is because I'm putting a volume down to key frames on this clip.
If I add reverb, it's suddenly going to drop out here.
So the way around that which we visited earlier in the course is to nest the sequence on the second
clip.
I don't really need to, because we have the sound at the very beginning that we want to add reverb
to.
And for simplicity sake, I'm just going to do the same thing to this clip by the boom.
And now what I'm going to do is go to effects, type in reverb.
Drag the river on to this clip.
I'm going to edit.
I'm going to go to you can experiment with any of your reverb filters that your software has.
There's going to be tons of different presets you can do.
Honestly, I logit always go for the Great Hall preset.
I don't know why the other ones, they don't really do it for me.
So I really urge you to experiment and find which kind of reverb you like.
So I'm going to open up this room sized room sizes, basically smaller room, less reverb, larger room,
more reverb.
So I open that up all the way.
I'm going to turn down the dampening and the diffusion.
You don't need to get too complex with it, but the higher the dampening and the higher the diffusion,
the faster that the reverb gets dampened and taken away.
We're going to turn our DRI all the way up and our wet all the way up.
Dry means the sound of the audio without the effect and the wet means the audio without the previous
sound.
That's hard to explain.
So I'm just going to put the wet all the way down.
Play it.
That's the original.
And then I'm going to put the wet all the way up and the dry all the way down.
And I'm going to solo it.
So you can hear the effect that we're adding is the that in the background.
OK, so we're going to put them both all the way up.
That means the original sound, the dry sound is going to be 100 percent playing.
And the new filtered sound, which is the wet sound, is going to be one hundred percent playing as
well.
Let's see how it sounds like this and made it look like this.
OK, that's pretty good.
So I'm going to copy this filter.
We don't need to fine tune it a whole lot.
So I'm going to paste it on our second snap.
It's OK, so this one could use a little bit more.
So I'm going to turn up the decay, the decay is how long the effect is sustained.
The longer the decay, the longer the short the shorter the decay.
You know, when someone decays, it goes away.
Right.
So if we extend that decay, it stays for longer.
So.
OK, so let's take a listen.
Studio space like this and made it look like this.
And let's hear it without.
This and made it look like this.
And with this and made it look like this.
Yeah.
So a really cool little effect that you can add there that just works in some scenarios, just adding
a little bit of reverb.
You know, this is a before and after shot.
So adding reverb to anything makes it sound a little bit more epic with vocals.
It doesn't work very well, but with sound effects and with hits or impacts in your video, reverb is
a really cool way.
Now, one final thing I want to say before we move to the next lesson is I initially thought we were
going to change the pitch of one of these clips if we take a listen.
But they already have a different pitch.
This one's lower and this one's higher, which it's kind of cool to when you have two different sound
effects that are similar.
What I generally do for some reason, these are different pitches, because I guess I snap slightly
different in real life when I recorded this.
But let's say that that wasn't the case.
What I would do would be to highlight one of these clips where we wanted to slightly change the pitch.
When I right click it, I'm going to go to speed, duration, and I can slow it down or speed it up
like 20, 10 or 20 percent if I speed it up to, let's say, one 20.
Now it's going to be a lot more high pitch.
Right.
If I did the opposite where I slowed it down from 100 percent to 80 percent,
it has a different kind of hit.
Right.
It feels different and made it look like this.
So that sounds and looks great.
It really makes this aftershock really kind of stand out more.
So that's a really cool tip you can do.
You can add reverb to sound effects in the background and you can change the speed, which inherently
or in turn is going to change the pitch.